Check it out. folks! A photo
of us from my wedding.
Is that Nicky caccimelio?
The missing mobster was at your
wedding? The whole town is looking for him.
And he's talking with Lester.
And handing him an envelope.
What if Nicky killed Lester?
Lester's building ledger?
Mrs. Coluca. please. I...
He'd want you to have it.
Besides. I think you might find
some very interesting tidbits in here.
You know I cared about you. pal.
Anyone here? Just
dropping off a chapeau!
This doesn't prove
anything. What is he doing?
I know this closet.
Whoa. mama!
That's the envelope that Nicky
gave Lester at the wedding.
Lester was here the night he
died. This was no tragic accident.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What do I do? I don't know what I do.
Shovel the snow. put salt down.
Carpeted mats in the elevators.
You don't want nobody
slipping. Believe me.
So. what is this again?
A study on New York City doormen.
Is the public clamoring for that?
You know. it's not brain
surgery. but I do help people.
You know. I chat with them.
Give them a pick-me-up if
they need that. you know?
Keep candy for the kids
being raised by nannies.
Take their dogs out for
their morning constitutional.
I helped a lady give birth right
here in this lobby 14 years ago.
Yankees shoulda signed me the
way I fielded that slippery sucker.
Everything these days
gettin' so disconnected.
That's what we look after. you know?
The one-on-one thing.
Lose that in this city? Shit.
People pass on in here too. of course.
You open a door for them the first time.
Might open it for the last. too.
So... respect.
Been at this desk 32 years now.
Crazy to say out loud.
I never planned on being a doorman.
I was gonna be an actor.
A movie star. to be specific.
I was a little de-lu-lu back then.
But I can remember that
first day like it was last week.
Okay. Lester.
Work starts at 6 A.M.
That means in uniform.
not walking through the door.
You never let a tenant see
you in your civilian clothes.
Hey. when do we get paid?
And there are tips. right?
Around the holidays.
I was kinda hoping to
be acting full time by then.
Speaking of. who do I talk
to about time off for auditions?
You're not leaving for auditions.
You got a life. you got
dreams. good for you.
But when you're here.
you're about the tenants.
That's the gig.
And if you do it right. who knows?
You might fall in love with the place.
Got it?
Come on. Let's go.
We are old New York.
Whatever that means.
Thirty-two years?
You must have quite a story.
- You mind sharing it?
- My story?
Look who it is.
You're starting with a tough one.
She always leaves
early to buy a lotto ticket.
She'll ask you what numbers to play.
Don't engage.
- Good morning. Ms. Folger.
- Good morning. George!
New guy.
I hope you're better than that last moron.
- When's your birthday?
- Me?
May 18th. 1948?
Five. 18. 19. 48.
That's not bad.
After you. Ms. Folger.
If I win. I'm not sharing.
Always. "after you."
Makes the tenants feel good.
And pay attention.
The real trick is noticing the little things.
Like. did you see her coat?
No.
Because she wasn't wearing one.
But it's cold out. Means
she's having a hot flash.
When she comes home
later. she's gonna ask you
to turn the radiator off in her apartment.
Here.
That thing is part of your arm now.
The safety of everyone in this
building is right there in your hands
with that elevator crank.
You listening?
Pay attention to the small stuff.
That way. you know what's coming.
Good evening. Mr. Dimas. Missus...
- Not Mrs. Dimas.
Not Mrs. Dimas.
We're visiting my sister in 12e.
Welcome. And who is this?
This is Mabel. She's
gonna meet her auntie.
Hi. Mabel.
Welcome to the arconia.
Let me get the elevator
for you. Mrs. Mora.
My neck! My back!
Sir. you didn't fall.
I saw you lay yourself on the ground.
Don't you try to trick me just because
I've had a terrible brain trauma.
Everyone saw!
Whoa! We're the only ones here.
What are you trying to pull?
Unrelated...
I made an offer on a unit here.
but it's a. competitive situation.
Although. if someone on the inside.
a hero who. could make the
other applications disappear.
maybe I wouldn't sue.
So. that's what you're after.
Yeah. I'll see what I can do.
That's very kind of you...
- Lester.
- Yeah.
It's... it's... it's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you. too.
Excuse me. can I help you?
Are you visiting someone.
or... My god! Brazzos!
I'm your biggest fan.
Could we get a photo?
I'm sorry. I don't do photos
without my brazzos badge.
Wait.
This sends your life into
a whole new direction.
Here we go.
And you keep the badge.
Thank you!
Wow. Mr. Savage. you
handled that like a pro.
You know. I'm an actor.
too. Still just getting started.
but boy. I'd love a career like yours.
Well. good luck to you. my friend.
Network TV is a fickle lady.
And I'm here to say.
she can be seduced.
Man. it's so cool we get to
have that guy living here. right?
Okay. Mr. Stars in your eyes.
apparently. some homeless woman
is causing a racket in the courtyard.
Go ask her to move it along.
- Yeah...
- S-Sorry. I know. I'll leave.
No. no. please. Your...
your voice is beautiful.
Well. taking them for a walk
is the only way to get
them down for a nap.
That and a lullaby. so...
And I love the acoustics in this building.
It's... well. it's... actually.
it's the limestone. so...
I'm Lester.
- I'm...
- Florence?
You sound like a nightingale.
It's my favorite songbird.
I'm Lorraine. but most
people call me rainey.
Rainey.
So. when I'm rich and famous.
and you're an opera star...
we'll still eat our lunch together here.
but. up in our own apartment.
How's that sound?
Terrible. Absolutely awful.
Hey. whoa. whoa.
- I love you. Mrs. Coluca.
- I love you. Mr. Coluca.
It's gorgeous!
Look at the Christmas village. mother.
To spend the holidays
with a daughter-in-law.
or grandkids.
- I'm working on it.
- Well. hurry up!
You gotta find a nice girl before
this y2k thing ends the world.
Being with a girl would
be the end of the world.
- What did you just say?
- Nothing. mother. Song lyrics.
What the hell are you doing?
You shouldn't be in here!
Hey. I'm Lester.
Who are you?
I'm Mabel.
You got bigger.
Were you playing
hide-and-seek in George's closet?
No. You need friends for that.
I was just hiding.
I could use a friend.
There's one last ornament
that I gotta put on this tree.
Think you could help me out with that?
- After you. and after you.
- Thank you.
Say cheese!
Okay. now a normal... a normal one.
Alright. okay. okay.
Lester. they're making
faces. They're making faces.
D-Don't answer. Lester. Don't answer.
Seriously. guys. just... just one.
- For the Christmas card.
- Okay. alright. Okay.
Oliver! You got a second?
- For you. Teddy. anytime.
- D...
- our reservations are at 6:30!
- I-I'll just be a minute. I promise.
We don't have a puppet budget.
Maybe two. Seven. tops.
Just because it works for lion king.
doesn't mean our show needs puppets.
We're doing a musical
about the shroud of turin.
We're on thin ice as it is.
My agent sent me some script. gladiator.
It's between me and
this guy. Russell Crowe.
- You like your chances?
- Well. he's not gonna get it.
Listen to this. "Are you not entertained?"
Whoa! So good.
I always wanted to do chariot work.
Hey!
Hey. just the actor I was looking for.
Here's a little gift for the holidays.
And. this will keep it
fresh 'til you get it framed.
You're an actor?
An official ledger. Wow.
A little something extra for the kids.
Should buy a lot of toys. Georgie?
- Family appreciates it.
- Okay.
- Merry Christmas. boss!
- Merry Christmas.
Whoa. George.
Are you holding out on me?
I've seen you get
those envelopes before.
- I want in.
- Why?
You don't need the money.
Aren't you leaving any
day now to go be a big star?
That's a low blow.
George. It's Christmas.
Merry Christmas. Lester.
Hold on. hold on. wait.
Yeah.
- You got it?
- Yep.
Wait. just keep that with the others.
Got this?
Never thought I'd live to
see the day the arconia
has an automated elevator.
I hate to see the elevator
go. but I love to watch it leave.
- What does that mean?
- Nothing. mother.
Just from a technology
advancement standpoint.
Things are only getting worse.
I remember when a
beer cost you a dollar.
you could smoke on planes.
and pimps still dressed like pimps.
Here you go.
Lester. A word.
George. George. I... I
know. with the new elevator
you might not need a second
doorman. but I can't lose this job.
I've got kids now. rainey's
finally getting traction
with her career. but... but
it's opera. It doesn't pay shit.
- I mean. I'm... I'm happy here.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
There's someone I
wanna introduce you to.
- Come on. This way.
- Wha...
After you.
Lester. this is Nicky caccimelio.
Whoa. you gonna hit me with that?
What?
No! I'm sorry.
I'd never. I know better.
I grew up across from
your family's dry cleaners.
No shit? You're from flat bush?
What do an Italian girl in tight
jeans and Brooklyn got in common?
- Flatbush?
- Flatbush! That's it.
Alright.
Maybe.
- What's going on?
- I'm retiring.
Which means we're gonna
need someone new on the desk
and someone new to
help with Mr. Caccimelio.
I know you need the money.
And I know you love the building.
Consider this your big break.
Wait. are you serious?
Wait. What... what do I have to do?
- It's not like I need to...
- whoa. whoa. whoa. take it easy.
Nothin' like that. okay?
N-Not all the work is legal
per se. but nobody's gettin' hurt.
I got a place here in the arconia.
A little business on Saturday night.
All you need to do is stay a little later.
let a few people in.
keep the night flowing.
Capisce? Discreetly. of course.
That doesn't seem bad.
I mean. I'm... I'm already
good at letting people in.
Right. That's right.
Easy money.
Welcome to the family.
Well. that's it.
Just be careful.
Let the people in. but
keep your head down.
The less you know. the better.
Okay. yeah. Got it.
You know...
I wasn't so sure about
you when you started.
But you've really proven yourself.
Take care of my building. Lester.
It's yours now.
After you.
- Good morning. Lester.
- Morning. Ms. Folger.
You forget to shave
on your official first day?
I'm just trying something out.
I'll make sure your radiator's
off when you get home.
Well. thank you. You're
right on top of things.
Door!
After you.
Sorry about gladiator. Mr. Savage.
Not a problem.
I'm auditioning for national
treasure. Third callback.
It's between me and nic
cage. but he's not gonna get it.
- Not right.
- Because you're a national treasure.
Hey.
There he is. there he is.
Lester the Jester.
Hey. I like nicknames.
- We'll work on it. Good work.
- Thank you. boss.
Mrs. Morris.. Thank you. Lester.
My son is a g.
Do you know about lgbt?
- He's the g.
- Okay. mother.
And any other g would be
lucky to have you. Howard.
- You just need to find one.
- And have grandkids.
- Yeah.
- Thank you. Lester.
He could bring 'em to that proud parade.
Here to see Nicky? Right this way.
Lester!
- Lester!
There's a creep outside
preying on beautiful women.
We had to run for our lives.
I can't believe you still got that thing.
Lester and his crank.
Piece of arconia history. As
long as I'm here. it'll be. too.
Just like this.
- Where?
- Like. in a box.
You kids better not get too crazy tonight.
I don't wanna have to come up there.
The wine is for cooking.
Sure. a nice boxed wine reduction.
How many guests are we
expecting at this. formal dinner party?
Just althea. Tim. and a
few friends from bay port.
Maybe don't say "bay port" if
you want to put Lester at ease.
Hey. no hating on b-port. rich boy.
Lester. if a few other people
come with "cooking supplies"...
they're with us.
Sorry if it's a lot of people.
Don't worry.
I remember when you
didn't have any friends.
And look at you now.
Look at me now. Look
at you now. Mabel.
It's my anniversary.
No shit. Congrats. I love love.
Me. too.
Thing is. I... I promised my wife
we could go out to dinner tonight.
Ladies love a dinner.
Right. but it's Saturday.
Exactly. so I-I thought maybe
I could take the night off.
No. no. no. No can do. Lester.
I need you there.
But you know what ladies also love?
Sunday brunch.
You know. maybe it's time I finish up.
My kids are in college
now. I've been saving.
I really don't need extra money anymore.
That's not really how it works. Lester.
You go when it's convenient for you.
Remind me who put
your kids through college?
I'm the reason you have anything.
So. you are gonna stay behind that desk
until I say you're done.
Happy anniversary.
- Sure.
- Okay.
Front desk.
Mr. Putnam?
Lester. can you run me a bath?
And then check to see if
Roberta took the toaster.
We're gonna need that.
No. that's the one thing
I'm not allowed to help with.
It's really frowned on.
If I died right now.
do you think I'd make it
onto the Tony "in memoriam"?
Answer carefully. I'm...
I'm very fragile.
Yes. she... she took all the vases.
God. Lester.
I'm gonna die alone.
In this apartment I
fought so hard to keep.
- Vase-less.
- Come on.
You got plenty of time
to turn things around.
You hear about Harrison Ford?
What?
Another plane crash?
See. that's how you get
on the "in memoriam."
I don't know about that.
I just know it took him
a while to figure it out.
You're a late bloomer. Mr. Putnam.
Just like me.
A couple of kids with
our whole life ahead of us.
You know...
If you leave these on the table.
they're just gonna wither away.
But if you care for 'em...
Put 'em in water...
Give 'em some sun.
they'll bounce right back.
You're very wise. Lester.
You know. I'm glad you're here.
Don't worry.
I just found out today
I'm not going anywhere.
After you.
Isn't it nice to have all these people
walk past you without noticing?
Yeah. welcome to life as
a postmenopausal woman.
Have a good day. girls.
It's okay.
- You're gonna be okay.
- Thanks. Lester.
Alright. Lester.
Another big night?
Now. listen. it's a little
heavier tonight. okay?
- Buy something shiny for the missus.
- Yeah.
- Alright?
- Yeah. yeah. sure.
You know wives. they're like
ravens. They go crazy for that stuff.
- Yeah. Yeah. thanks.
- Alright.
You. give me your address and
I'll send you a check for it! Geez.
Hey! Hey! You okay. Mr. Savage?
- Yeah.
- You're short! You need to pay!
We came in from Atlantic city.
- He says I owe him a hundred and a half.
- It's 400!
Four hundred?! What'd we do?
Go by way of the Brooklyn bridge?
Aw.
Here. Here. here.
Thanks. Lester.
I had a bad night. It happens.
No judgment. Mr. Savage.
You'll bounce back soon. You're brazzos.
No. Lester. I used to be brazzos.
Eight to 10 million people used to
tune in every Thursday night to watch me.
I had an anatomically correct
McDonald's happy meal action figure.
I had two girlfriends at the same time.
And that was before it was cool.
And those auditions I go on?
They're not auditions. Lester.
They're... they're courtesy calls.
Here. here. Here's a deck
of cards from the nugget.
You keep 'em. I don't want 'em.
You know. you just
need one thing to go right.
and. you'll bounce back.
Hey. you know Harrison Ford?
Don't mention Harrison Ford to me.
He beat me out for secret life of pets 2.
Well. he was a late bloomer.
Maybe you are. too.
It's getting pretty late. Lester.
Let's keep safe. everybody!
Let's keep safe!
Let's go. let's go! We
don't know if it's a fire...
is this really necessary. Lester?
It took four people to get
winnie down ten flights of stairs.
Not sure what to tell you.
Mr. Putnam. We're figuring it out.
Most folks are headed to
librizzi's. if you wanna join.
It's hard to get a table there. but okay.
Okay. come on. keep moving. please.
Please keep moving. Come on.
Come on. a little hustle. a little hustle.
Welcome to only murders in the building.
a true crime podcast.
I'm your host. Charles-haden savage.
A murder.
The killer must've
walked right past my desk.
No. it's not your fault!
One murder in 30 years?
Four?
Honey. I'm not gonna lie to you.
Four is a lot of murders.
I know. Might be time I get some help.
Yeah. yeah.
Okay. Randall.
Today is gonna be a big day of training.
You're starting on a crazy week. though.
- We have a wedding.
- A wedding?
Do you know if they're
having a dj or a band?
'Cause I... I gig.
Upright bass. It's what I play.
It's actually my plan in life.
Not this doorman... stuff.
No offense.
You're not just opening doors for tenants.
You're sending them into the world
or you're welcoming them back home.
Your job is to not miss one
detail. no matter how small.
Years of notes in here.
- What's that?
- It's nothing.
But if a man comes in
with a white gardenia.
you don't talk to him. Only me. okay?
- You don't wanna get involved. Got it?
- Okay.
- You're gonna love being married.
- You see it all. working here.
You're here for their highest
highs and their lowest lows.
And if you're lucky like me.
you'll blink and fall in love with the place.
These buildings?
They could've switched to
automatic doors years ago.
But they kept the
doorman. Always a doorman.
But I think doing this job. you
become part of a shared story.
The story of the building.
and all of the people inside.
There's something important
about the simple role we play.
It's hard to put into words. but I
think you'd feel it if we were gone.
It's just so bizarre.
I can't believe he's gone.
Guys. the police report just came in.
Accidental death?
I mean. the guy fills a fountain with blood
in the most murderous
building in New York.
and they say it's accidental?
So. we just assumed murder?
Well. believe it or not. Mabel.
most old men do drop dead.
We youngins should be prepared
for Charles to do the
same in the next two to four.
Excuse me? My doctor says
I have the resting
heart rate of a dairy cow.
See. a bovine has. four
stomachs. but one heart.
and stress can actually regulate.
Or we could just kill him now.
It feels weird.
I mean. I guess someone
could just die in our building.
So. what. there's no story here?
It's alright.
There is no story.
I'm the guy who held the door.
For us doormen. it's never about us.
You know what I used
to say over and over?
What was it he used to say
when he'd opened the door for us?
After you. After you.
- "Watch your step!"
- That's right.
- "Watch your step."
- That was it.
- Yeah. yeah.
- God.
Enough of me yapping.
I got a job to go do.
Ciao.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today